Hello
here we are at Luca's house to show you how
simple to apply the film
protective
ok displays ifix the easy fix kit is
composed of a film mounted on a
applicator support a spatula for
applying a loaf and microfibre e
a sticker remove dust first
insert the tablet inside the
applicator support take the cloth
in microfibre and clean thoroughly
the entire surface of your tablet
attention this is the most part
important to use the adhesive to remove dust
to remove every little grain ed
any impurities on the display remind you that
residues or impurities will create bubbles
impossible to remove once
applied the film also looks at the
display under a direct light cheer a
abatjour to see if you missed it
some small grain in the case
there were impurities left
continue the operation with the adhesive up
to the complete stand now cleaning of
the film with decision using
the spatula to make it stick
perfectly
don't worry if they stay small
air bubbles if they are not due to
dust particles can be removed
gently pushing them out with
the microfibre cloth
repeat the steps until the bubbles
are not completely eliminated here is done
the film was perfect
applied and your display is protected
simple true
and above all it takes less time
than to make a good coffee